[Kurenai]
I'll get to eliminate them all together!
[Shiki] What is that huge thing?!
[Kurenai] Knight Gear, Kurenai Dragoon!
-[thud]
-[straining]
[Baku] Didn't anyone tell you
rebellion is bad?
You all made Madame Kurenai angry.
[gasps]
[clang]
[Weisz] My name is Arsenal!
[Rebecca] Is this the weapon
you were working on with Hermit?
-A weaponized battle suit?
-[Weisz] I am Arsenal.
[Pino] I still detect Weisz's voice.
Shall I run identity verification?
[Weisz] I'd rather you not.
Hmm…
[Weisz] Thank you for becoming
the first stepping stone
to Arsenal's legend!
My heroic origin story begins with this!
[Rebecca] Why are you such a pervert?!
-The legend of Arsenal has begun!
-[Weisz squirms]
[Weisz] Oh, quit staring at me!
Put some clothes on so I can open my eyes!
Desperate times
call for desperate measures.
Give me your skirt!
Over my dead body, creep!
I'm out of options here!
Everyone's gonna be able
to see my underwear, idiot!
[gasps]
Steal!
[Rebecca] Oh… [embarrassed squeal]
Please, I'm begging you.
Don't do this.
Thanks to that crooked geezer,
I'm out of options too.
Are you serious?
I'm butt-ass naked here.
I'm gonna die of embarrassment.
I would also like to add
that I am in a very uncomfortable
situation at the moment.
That was really a sight to behold!
You were able to defeat Baku
with one swift blow.
Yeah, gee, thanks,
can I get some clothes over here?
[Eger] That storehouse should have clothes
and feel free to take
any of the weapons in there.
Do you have any new clothes
for women in there too?
[Eger] Of course.
While you're at it, could you bring
some spare ammo back here?
Hey, whatever happened
to Shiki and Homura?
[sighs]
[explosions]
[straining]
Let's see how much weight
a human body can take!
Don't disappoint me, you little brat!
-[metal creaking]
-[screams]
What's wrong down there?
Trouble breathing while being
crushed to death by my Dragoon?!
["FOREVER" by L'Arc-en-Ciel playing]
TAKING UP THE TORCH
[grunts]
What's wrong?
Why can't I make… this robot any lighter?
Because that gravity power of yours
is from an Ether Gear.
And the Kurenai Dragoon
just so happens to have Ether Coating.
Fine, if I can't change your gravity,
then I'll just have to make
the ground heavier instead!
[mechanical whirring]
[ground cracks]
He shattered the earth below us?
[grunts]
[Shiki] There's a city underneath here!?
[Kurenai] This is the filthy labor camp!
You dare bring me to this wretched place?
-[loud bang]
-What's going on?!
[intense music builds]
I might not be able to change
the gravity of this giant robot of yours,
but I can change the gravity
of my own body!
[screams]
[straining]
[loud explosion]
[intense music playing]
[grunts]
-[alarm blaring]
-[grunts] Seems the booster is broken.
[Kurenai]
But the mainframe is still intact.
[Shiki] Are you starting to get excited?
Now that we're here,
you're closer to Homura!
I'm taking you to her no matter what!
You expect us to have
some kind of heartfelt reunion?
Or do you just want to watch a girl
unleash her rage on her poor old mother?
I don't care what happens between you two.
I only have one mission here.
To honor Valkyrie's wishes!
Give me a break!
You intend to honor her wishes?
She's a rotting hunk of metal, you idiot!
Don't make me laugh!
[loud thud]
You think a machine has a heart?
[mockingly] Has feelings? Can love?
What a bunch of nonsense!
It's idealistic and delusional kids
like you who are ruining the world!
It's time to wake up, kid.
Welcome to reality!
[grunts]
You think adults
who are stuck looking at reality
are making the world any better?!
[loud clang]
But how?
My Dragoon has Ether Coating!
Right, I get it now.
He used gravity to enhance his punch,
but turned off the Ether Gear
at the last second.
He sacrificed his own hand?
You've made this world a horrible place.
Just look at the labor camp around us.
The only reality here
is death and despair!
[gasps]
Valkyrie is dead?
And Homura's mother is here?
Hmm.
How are we supposed
to get to outer space without her?
And what do we tell Witch and the others?
[Rebecca sighs]
[Weisz] I know Hermit was really
looking forward to seeing Valkyrie again.
Hmm?
I'm looking forward to meeting Teacher!
Oh, crap.
Poor Homura.
We can figure out what to tell
the others after we clean up this mess.
On the bright side,
this outfit isn't too shabby.
-Ugh…
-Excuse me, but Happy is troubled.
Sorry everyone, but I think
I'm all out of Ether for now.
You stay there and get some rest.
I'll just make do
with the guns they have here.
[clicking]
[Weisz] Huh?
-[knocking]
-[Weisz] Hey, Rebecca!
The door isn't opening!
[Rebecca] What?
[male voice] That's because I locked
all entry to this weapon storage
and all the inner doors within it.
[gasps] Who's there?
[male voice] I'm only interested
in blocking off access to the weaponry.
As long as you comply,
there's no need for violence.
[door closes]
-Nino?
-[Nino] Rebecca!?
What are you doing here?
-[knocking]
-[Weisz] Hey! Is someone there?
Didn't you hear what I just told you?
I'm here to seal off
the stone hunting weapon storage
since it's being used for the rebellion.
If you were to do that,
you would prevent everyone
from being able to fight back.
Sorry, but I think that's the whole idea.
[Rebecca] But why? I thought
you were supposed to be good guy!
I told you two things,
that I report directly to Madame Kurenai.
And that only anime can save the universe!
How could you abandon
these innocent people?!
What are you talking about?
Everyone here is a criminal.
[Rebecca] Like I trust
whatever crime you said they did!
Shiki and Homura got sent here
for fighting off an armed robbery!
[Nino] That's just the way it is.
The rules that Madame Kurenai made
are infallible,
meaning no one is exempt from her justice.
[grunts]
[Weisz] Hello?
What's going on out there, Rebecca?
[Nino] But like I said, I'm only here
to shut off the armory.
So if you stay here out of the way
until the fighting is over,
I'll turn a blind eye.
I don't betray friends.
And they're all counting on me.
If I don't get these weapons
and ammunition back to them,
they're going to lose.
[Nino] Very well…
[cracking bones]
Stop right there!
[Nino] I didn't want to fight you,
but you leave me no choice.
The anime warrior, Nino.
Fist of Heaven will crush you.
KENZAITEN NINO
Enemy Cybernetic Ether arms detected.
Don't do this.
I don't want to fight you.
[Nino] You can't save the universe
if you don't get your hands dirty!
Please Nino, I know you're a good person
and I admire you as a fellow B-Cuber.
I don't want to hurt you.
Hmm.
Damn it!
If I had any of my power left,
these stupid electronic locks
wouldn't be a problem!
I never thought Ether
could be used like this.
[Nino] I promise I'll make this painless
and knock you out with one punch.
Now prepare yourself
for my Soul Arm Ether Gear!
[yells]
-[grunts]
-[crash]
Yeah right,
taking a hit like that would kill me!
[gasps]
I'm actually holding back for you.
[both grunt]
-Nino!
-[gunshot]
[grunting]
[gunshots]
[bullets clanking]
Sorry, but guns don't work on me.
[Rebecca gasps]
[grunts]
[Rebecca] Wait a second.
Why does this whole situation
feel so eerily familiar?
Rebecca quick!
Snap out of it before he hits you!
[Rebecca] Facing a B-Cuber
whose primary weapon is their fists.
And they're immune to guns.
[loud punch]
Rebecca, no!
Hmm.
[Rebecca] Where was it?
That's right!
The coliseum on Mildian!
Yocchi!
This is really similar to that fight!
Wait.
And Weisz, too.
His opponent back on Mildian used speed,
the same way Baron Lion did earlier.
And Shiki fought an iron man.
Does that mean he's…
[Shiki grunts]
I hope you're not getting
too comfortable in that thing,
'cause I still gotta drag you out
to meet Homura!
[Kurenai] Seriously?
You really think you're capable
of destroying my Dragoon with your fists?
I underestimated just how foolish you are.
[Rebecca] But something doesn't add up.
Why did Homura have to fight a replica
of Valkyrie if she's already dead?
Unless Xiaomei already knew
that Homura would never be able
to interact with Valkyrie again.
And that fight was just a way of letting
Homura talk to her one last time.
It didn't seem like it back then,
but Xiaomei was preparing us
for our upcoming battles,
which means something from that fight
is going to help me beat Nino.
Kicking?
Fleet-footed, barefoot, pivot foot…
Feet?
What's going on?
It feels like time
just began rewinding itself.
What is this weird feeling?
All of my Ether is starting
to gather around my feet.
[grunts]
Rebecca, quick!
Snap out of it before he hits you!
[loud punch]
Rebecca, no!
Hmm.
[gasps]
What? How did I miss her?
She must've jumped backwards to avoid it.
[Pino] Is that Ether Gear?
Whatever I just felt there,
was a powerful Ether.
Be careful, Rebecca.
[Rebecca] I don't know
what kind of power this is,
but above all else,
I need to follow my instincts.
…and use it!
[intense music playing]
She's fast!
Wibble Wobble Ruby Bobble,
from Season Two, Episode Six!
It's the episode about a man
brainwashed by a lady…
[Rebecca] Where Ruby uses her kick!
[Nino] The highest rated episode
where she finally manages
to break the hypnosis!
Anime is going to save the universe!
[gasps]
Which means, it can save you too, Nino!
And the people of this planet!
Bellholy… Slash!
[grunts]
[Nino screams]
[Nino] That's the original name
of Ruby's attack only used in the manga.
Well done!
[Rebecca]
The anime called it Bellholy Kick,
but I always preferred the original.
Yeah, the manga is always better
than the anime, am I right?
Except for this show!
[grunts]
That was amazing!
I had no idea that you had
an Ether Gear, Rebecca!
I guess all those
hot baths in the Eden paid off.
[beep]
[door unlocks]
[gasps]
It's about damn time.
[Weisz] What the hell was that all about?
[giggling]
[gasps]
Ta-da! I have my own
Ether Gear now like you guys.
[Weisz] What?
[Rebecca] Who knows?
I might even be faster than Arsenal now.
[Weisz groans]
And I'm gonna call this power "Leaper."
LEAPER
How's that for a catchy name?
[ethereal music playing]
The moment has finally come,
where Rebecca has awakened her Leap power.
[Xiaomei] However, what you just witnessed
is nothing compared to Leap's true power.
It wouldn't be a stretch to say
Rebecca now has the capability
of saving the universe one day.
After all, Leap is a power
of unlimited potential.
[rapid gunfire]
[Eger] One plus two equals…
one million power!
Steal!
[crumbling]
[rapid gunfire continues]
[explosions]
[gasps]
What's all that noise?
Sounds like a battle.
[grunts]
I can't keep moping around
while my friends are fighting out there.
You have friends
who will help you, too, Homura.
That's why I'm certain
you'll be able to move forward.
Just tell her how you really feel.
You know, in the same way
you always speak your mind.
If you can do that,
I know she'll hear you.
I have to try and move forward.
[grunts]
[grunts, groans]
What's happening?
My body feels so weak…
I can't move anymore.
[Garrot] Well you did get an awfully
large dose of the paralyzing drugs
-contained in my whip.
-[Homura gasps]
[whip cracks]
You see, my whip has both fast-acting
and slow-acting paralyzing agents.
Of course it's you.
-[grunting]
-[whip cracking]
Looks like the slow-acting
paralyzing agent
is finally starting to take effect.
And this one's a whole lot stronger, too.
[Homura grunts]
[Garrot] In any case,
I would have never guessed you
to be Madame Kurenai's daughter.
Well, I suppose you do resemble
her quite a bit in the face.
So,
what's your relationship
with Miss Valkyrie here then?
Get your hands off of Teacher!
[Garrot chuckles] Teacher, huh?
She was a teacher to me too,
in the best ways.
Get away from her!
[Garrot] There's a reason why
I never removed Valkyrie's body,
despite it being a symbol
for the Resistance.
You see, I'm actually quite sentimental
when it comes to letting go of the past.
It was my way of paying respect to her.
I mean, after all…
She holds a special place
right here in my pants.
[slurps]
You scumbag!
[Garrot] I just wish that I could've been
the lucky guy to finally break her.
[cracks whip]
[gasps]
[Homura]
Don't you dare lay a finger on her!
[whip cracks]
[dramatic music playing]
[gasps]
[crazed laughter]
[dark music sting]
[furious, desperate grunt]
[thud]
[Garrot] Glare at me all you want, but
it won't change the fact you're paralyzed.
So get comfy and enjoy
your front row seat, sweetie.
And do your best not to break so easily.
I wanna savor every moment
of torturing you.
[Homura breathing heavily]
[breathing and grunting furiously]
[gasps]
[Homura continues grunting, furious]
[Garrot]
Where the hell did they come from?!
What are you trying to pull here?
This is the ultimate move!
Valkyrie's Odin Strike!
[humming noise builds]
[blasting]
[explosions]
[grunting]
Damn you!
[cracks whip]
[grunts]
You should never underestimate Ether Gear!
Good thing I don't!
[grunts]
[Garrot] Ether Gear's weakness is binding,
so if I tie up your arms,
your little move should fail.
[explosions]
Look at that!
So much for your final move.
All of your swords have disappeared now.
And you can't use your Ether Gear!
-[grunts]
-[thud]
Keep your head down.
I get to break Madame Kurenai's daughter.
Working for her finally paid off.
I'm already drooling here.
Prepare to have
every inch of your body desecrated.
Someone as disgusting as you,
deserves to be disciplined
by Valkyrie's sword.
By what? Valkyrie's sword is over there.
Huh…
[Garrot gasps]
It was just there a second ago.
When did that happen?
[gasps]
[Garrot] Then that move of yours earlier,
was it one big distraction
to dislodge Valkyrie's sword?
So it must be somewhere nearby.
[thrilling music builds]
But where?
Wait, did it ever land?
[sword whooshing]
[Garrot gasps]
[groans in pain]
Thanks, Teacher.
Even after death,
you found a way to save my life.
[dying gasps]
[Rebecca] Homura!
-Hey, you okay over there?
-[panting]
[gasps]
[dramatic music playing]
[Weisz sighs]
Damage detected.
Valkyrie's cranium severed.
We have to put it back on!
[Homura] Is that you, Rebecca?
And is Weisz here now, too?
This is embarrassing but,
would you mind untying me?
-[gasps]
-[Garrot groans]
How were you able
to beat that guy tied up?
[Homura grunts]
It was all thanks to Teacher.
Actually, you and Shiki helped, too.
You both gave me the words,
that I needed to find hope again.
I only got back up,
because I have friends here like you.
[poignant music plays]
[Homura] And Valkyrie isn't gone.
She's alive, in my heart.
["Sekai no Himitsu" by Sayuri playing]
SOMEONE TO LOVE